MC: Heh heh, my apologies good sir, I think my hand got stuck.
--
Rule Card: Salutations, fellow!

MC:I SAY!!

Rule Card: I do not mean to scare you, friend. I am here to help you!

MC: Well I would accept the assistance of any who would offer, but I would also like to kindly ask you to answer some questions. Like, for instance…
WHAT THE DEVIL ARE YOU?!!!

Rule Card:Pardon me, good fellow. I am the Rule Card! I exist to teach you the ways of this place. 
You see, sir, you are a part of a very special game now. You opened the special box of cards, and now you may enjoy the festivities with us! 
Your task is simple: defeat the enemies, reach the end goal, and claim your prize!
I welcome you...  
...to the House of Cards! 
Now then, let’s get started, shall we?
--
Rule Card:Press WASD to walk around.
That’s it!
Oh dear! An enemy has appeared!

MC: … Good sir, that is a training dummy. It’s as much of an enemy as my left foot.

Rule Card:Pretend it’s an enemy, friend. Press J to attack it, up close and personal.
Fantastic! Let’s try another attack! Press K to do another attack, this time from a range.
You’re doing great, friend!
Now, there’s three dummies! Use what you’ve learned to take them all down!
Huzzah! 
It’s time, good sir. You’re ready. Go on, good luck. 
Now you may embark on your journey through the House of Cards!
--
MC: I must say, that Rule Card was quite a weird fellow. But, perhaps he was as helpful as he was odd. 
If this is a game, then I suppose there’s no need to be so tense, now is there?
Besides, there probably aren’t too many people I must defe-
Oh, dear.
--
Jack: Yes. Another pet to join me.

MC: You must be the last enemy I must face. 
This “game” must be for commonfolk’s toddlers. I must say, I expected some competition, but I have been extremely disappointed. 
Hopefully, you can-

???: SAAAAAVVEEEE UUUUUUUSSSSS!!!!!

MC: Um… excuse me, good sir. 
I don’t mean to intrude on your personal life but what in the king of hearts was that noise?

Jack: Those were the screams of agony from my slaves.

MC: SLAVES???!!!

Jack: …

MC: But… but this was supposed to be a game! A simple, harmless game where I get a prize!

Jack: You really are a fool. 
You think that Rule Card  was your friend? He is nothing more than a play of deception. 
A ploy in order to help you fall for my trap.
I control everything and everyone inside of this castle. Including the Rule Card, and including you. 
Thank you for defeating my grunts. 
Now you will join your comrades as my servants.

MC: You… You will not get away with this. 
I will end you, free your prisoners, and be back home in time for supper.

Jack: IS THAT TRULY WHAT YOU THINK???!!! 
MANY HAVE TRIED AND ALL HAVE FAILED, PEASANT! YOU STAND NO CHANCE!

MC: I throw magic cards for fun, you heathen. Chances are all I know.

Jack: IF YOU REFUSE TO JOIN ME THEN YOU! 
WILL! 
PERISH!!!
--
MC: That was quite the battle, good sir. I’m sure my grandmother would have broken a sweat.
So this was all… real? I need to save the villagers and leave this wretched castle.

Random Villager: Thank you, good sir!

Other Random Villager: You are a hero deserving of a thousand praises!

MC: Gratitude, fellow citizens, but I think it’s time that we leave.
The castle is falling! EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME! WE MUST LEAVE AT ONCE!

Random Villagers: We won! We have been freed and we survived the torment!!!

MC: Enjoy it, my friends! You are free to live once more! 
Celebrate your days of prosperity and-

???: HEEEEEELLPPPP!!

MC: This screech better be in jest.

Random Villager: Please! Somebody help! 
Inform me of who took down this castle!
MC: He stands before you. How can I help you, gentleman?
Random Villager: Sir, you have done fantastic work taking down this castle, but it’s not over yet. 
I have seen two more, one with a Queen and one with a King. 
This battle is won but the war rages on.
MC: … Ah, crap.
